on Mount Cooley one final cliff stands
between the team and the summit with
only enough room for one man at a time
Steve will film himself as he climbs
this is about two cameras in the helmet
one looking forward to see what I see
I'm one looking backwards of my face and
I'll be seeing looks at abject terror
I'm climbing all covered with brine
overgrown very very slippery as lead
climber steve has to forge a way ahead
without dislodging rocks that could kill
his teammates below
keep checking us out of the rooks saw it
horribly stroke that
we can't notice in the dancer the guys
heads
it's been a hard slog but at last the
climb is almost over
ah
that's it
pretty much it's fine looking gay
guessing after hang my way through this
vegetation here the moment I cut tryna
set up a spot to bring the boys up sit
back and enjoy the view stunning we can
hear the birds and cicadas at the summit
the climbers find an extraordinary
habitat
this is a circus pony
to clear is like little fairy garden now
is a fantastically absolutely fantastic
well go magic it they are surrounded by
strange carnivorous plants unlike
anything seen lower down in the jungle
up here there are pitcher plants
absolutely everywhere and they're like
little works of art well this is really
there's a modified leaf which fills up
with water and insects come along
stumble around this room and fall in and
can't get back out again and eventually
they decompose inside and the plant uses
their nutrients in order to grow around
here there are absolutely hundreds of
them look at them everywhere and tiny
itty bitty little ones like this like
huge ones that can hold over two and a
half liters and have been known to catch
rats